Tweaks to wording in the docs (#927)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: docs/index.rst

Overview
==============

> Qiskit Runtime is a cloud-based quantum computing service developed by IBM. It offers computational *primitives* to perform foundational quantum computing tasks utilizing built-in error suppression and mitigation techniques. Primitives can be executed inside of *sessions*, allowing collections of circuits to be jointly run on a quantum computer without being interrupted by other users’ jobs. The combination of primitives, error suppression / mitigation, and sessions paves the way to efficiently build and execute scalable quantum applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Qiskit Runtime is a cloud-based quantum computing service developed by IBM. It offers computational *primitives* to perform foundational quantum computing tasks that utilize built-in error suppression and mitigation techniques. Primitives can be executed inside of *sessions*, allowing collections of circuits to be jointly run on a quantum computer without being interrupted by other users’ jobs. The combination of primitives, error suppression / mitigation, and sessions paves the way to efficiently build and execute scalable quantum applications.
```

**Primitives**

> Primitives are base level operations that serve as building blocks for many quantum algorithms and applications. Through these primitives, users are able to obtain high-fidelity results, without the need for detailed hardware knowledge.  This abstraction allows you to write the same code, using Qiskit algorithms or otherwise, that can run on different quantum hardware or simulators without having to explicitly manage aspects such as compilation, optimization, and error suppression / mitigation. The primitives offered by `qiskit_ibm_runtime <https://qiskit.org/ecosystem/ibm-runtime/apidocs/ibm-runtime.html>`__ add additional options specific to IBM's service. See `Introduction to primitives <primitives.html>`__ for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primitives are base level operations that serve as building blocks for many quantum algorithms and applications. Through these primitives, users can obtain high-fidelity results, without needing detailed hardware knowledge.  This abstraction allows you to write code, using Qiskit algorithms or otherwise, that can run on different quantum hardware or simulators without having to explicitly manage aspects such as compilation, optimization, and error suppression / mitigation. The primitives offered by `qiskit_ibm_runtime <https://qiskit.org/ecosystem/ibm-runtime/apidocs/ibm-runtime.html>`__ add additional options specific to IBM services. See `Introduction to primitives <primitives.html>`__ for further details.
```

There are currently two primitives defined in Qiskit: Estimator and Sampler.

**Estimator**

The estimator primitive allows you to efficiently calculate and interpret expectation values of quantum operators; the values of interest for many near-term quantum algorithms. You specify circuits that prepare quantum states and then Pauli-basis observables to measure on those states. The estimator can use advanced error suppression and mitigation capabilities to improve the accuracy of the returned expectation values.

**Sampler**

This primitive takes circuits as input and returns a quasi-probability distribution over the measurement outcomes. This generalizes histograms from quantum circuits, allowing for mitigation of readout errors.

**Error suppression / mitigation**

> While building a fault-tolerant quantum computation is the ultimate goal, at present, calculations performed on near-term quantum computers are susceptible to noise.  Qiskit Runtime offers a number of methods for preventing errors before they occur, and dealing with those that do occur.  Techniques that fall into the categories of error suppression and error mitigation, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While building a fault-tolerant quantum computation is the ultimate goal, at present, calculations performed on near-term quantum computers are susceptible to noise.  Qiskit Runtime offers a number of methods for preventing errors before they occur (error suppression techniques) and dealing with those that do occur (error mitigation techniques).  
```
